Updated README of the AITs with the new parameters (#22458)
wazuh/wazuh: api/test/integration/README.md

============================== 92 passed, 98 warnings in 217.61s (0:03:37) ===============================
```

```text
API integration tests

optional arguments:
  --build-managers-only            

>                   Recreates only the managers images once the AIT test environment is built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  Recreates only the managers' image once the AIT test environment is built.
```
